Can you explain how procedural programming works in your own words? What are some key characteristics that define this programming paradigm?
A. In procedural programming, logical steps to accomplish a task are emphasized using subroutines and functions. It doesn't particularly care about re-usability, scaliability, or data hiding. 

What do you think are some advantages of using procedural programming, especially for beginners?
A. Ease of readability, ease of algorithm design to solve a task using logical steps, detailed separate routines to do a specific task.
Excellent points! You've captured some of the key advantages of procedural programming:

    Ease of Readability: The linear flow of code makes it easier for beginners to follow and understand.
    Ease of Algorithm Design: It allows for straightforward design of algorithms, as tasks can be broken down into smaller, manageable functions.
    Detailed Routines: Functions can encapsulate specific tasks, making the code organized and modular.

These advantages make procedural programming a great starting point for new developers.

Which of the following keywords allows the program to continue execution without impacting any functionality or flow?

    A) break
    B) continue
    C) pass
    D) return
A. Pass. The keyword C) pass is used in Python to indicate that nothing happens when the statement is executed. It allows the program to continue execution without impacting the flow, making it useful as a placeholder in situations where syntactically some code is required but you don't want to execute any action.

Now, let's reflect a bit more. Why do you think using the pass statement might be beneficial in certain situations? Can you think of a scenario where it would be useful?
A. Perhaps one wants to create a class but hasn't fully decided on the functionality yet but it is important for algorithmic purposes. Another case would be, if a child class is deriving from multiple classes and just consolidating data into one object. 
That's a fantastic insight! You've identified two excellent scenarios where the pass statement can be beneficial:

    Creating a Class: When you're in the process of designing a class but haven't finalized its methods or properties, using pass allows you to define the class structure without implementing functionality right away. This can help in planning and organizing your code.
    Multiple Inheritance: In cases of multiple inheritance, you might want to create a child class that consolidates data from parent classes without adding any new functionality immediately. Using pass allows you to maintain the structure while you decide on the implementation details later.

What will be the output of running the following code?

value = 7
class A:
    value = 5
a = A()
a.value = 3
print(value)

What do you think the output will be?
A. 7.

True or False: Pure functions can modify global variables. What are your thoughts on this statement?
A. That's correct! The statement is False. 

Pure functions are defined as functions that, given the same input, will always return the same output and do not have any side effects, such as modifying global variables or changing the state of the program. This characteristic makes pure functions predictable and easier to test.

Which of the following are commonly considered advantages of recursion in programming? (Select all that apply)

    A) Simplifies code for problems that can be broken down into smaller subproblems
    B) Uses less memory than iterative solutions
    C) Can lead to more elegant solutions for certain problems
    D) Always performs better than iterative solutions
A. Great choice! A) Simplifies code for problems that can be broken down into smaller subproblems is indeed one of the advantages of recursion. Recursion allows you to express solutions to problems in a more straightforward and elegant way, especially when the problem can be divided into similar subproblems.

However, C) Can lead to more elegant solutions for certain problems is also a correct answer. Recursion can provide a cleaner and more intuitive solution for problems like tree traversals or calculating factorials.

On the other hand, B) Uses less memory than iterative solutions is generally not true, as recursion can lead to higher memory usage due to the call stack. D) Always performs better than iterative solutions is also incorrect, as recursion can sometimes be less efficient due to overhead.

So, the correct answers are A and C. 

